[KOGITO-8314] [KSW-Guides] Using Serverless Operator to deploy workfl… (#265)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Learn how to deploy your workflow application on Kubernetes
--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]

> xref:cloud/build-and-deploy-with-serverless-operator-on-kubernetes.adoc[Build and deploy in Kubernetes a {context} application using the {product_name} {context} Operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:cloud/build-and-deploy-with-serverless-operator-on-kubernetes.adoc[Building and deploying a {context} application on Kubernetes using the {product_name} Serverless Operator]
```

[.card-description]

> Learn how to build and deploy using the Kogito Serverless Workflow Operator a serverless workflow application on Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: build and deploy Workflows using...?

Author: Updated with a more clear version
